.\" Man page for mate-cpufreq-selector.
.TH MATE-CPUFREQ-SELECTOR 1 "18 April 2014" "MATE Desktop Environment"
.\" Please adjust this date when revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
mate\-cpufreq\-selector \- A generic command line tool to change the cpu frequency.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B mate\-cpufreq\-selector [OPTIONS]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This tool is a part of the CPU Frequency Scaling Monitor Applet for the MATE Panel. It can be called from the command line when installed. \fBmate\-cpufreq\-selector\fR is used to adjust the CPU Frequency settings if the system supports scaling.
.PP
This manual page briefly documents the \fBmate\-cpufreq\-selector\fR command.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-c NUMBER, \-\-cpu=NUMBER\fR
Specify the CPU Number to adjust settings for. If no CPU is specified, CPU0 is assumed.
.TP
\fB\-g GOVERNOR, \-\-governor=GOVERNOR\fR
Specify a valid CPU Governor to use. (ie. conservative, ondemand, performance, powersave)
.TP
\fB\-f FREQ, \-\-frequency=FREQ\fR
Specify a CPU Frequency to set in KHz.
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR
Print standard command line options.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
\fBmate\-cpufreq\-selector \-\-cpu=1 \-g powersave\fR
.RS 4
Set scaling Governor "Powersave" on CPU1
.RE
.PP
\fBmate\-cpufreq\-selector \-f 1200\fR
.RS 4
Set max CPU Frequency to 1200KHz (1.2GHz) on CPU0
.RE
.PP
.SH "BUGS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at:
http://github.com/mate-desktop/mate-applets/issues
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS This Man Page has been written for the MATE Desktop Environment by:
Adam Erdman <hekel@archlinux.info> (2014)
.SH "HISTORY"
.SS cpufreq\-selector was originally written for gnome-applets by:
Carlos García Campos <carlosgc@gnome.org> (2004)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS Further information may also be available at: http://wiki.mate-desktop.org/docs
